and all my friends are sponge again
Today I would like to talk a little about
my server in the game garry's mod on my
server are major add-ons such as
cardin in which you can purchase
different cars to your taste and
the choice is also for vip players
free cars for now
this is only one in the future range
free car for vip and
cars for ordinary players
will replenish the server if you
want to be mayor you have to
approach the secretary to the mayor who
is near the police station and
run for mayor then through
one minute there will be a vote in which
will choose the mayor for the series also
established well- developed mania
printers
Also on the series is installed the house which
adds a mobile phone to
open the mobile phone menu to you
need to click on the English letter n he
the simplest to use to them
you need to use either open chat
so that the cursor appears you could
control the phone or press f2 you with
using the phone you can send
text message or call another player but
hello can you hear me how are you
okay okay come on for now
concerns vip add two professions
future they will be added to this
the moment is just a matchmaker and uber uber thief
this is a professional thief and
uber thief hacks such on and the door
twice as fast as a common thief
Point Shock is also installed in the village
open it you need to click
f3 you can find a lot in it
different hats and not only if you don’t
want to spend money on them there
few free items if you
interested my server ip sera will
Good luck to everyone in the description